                FOR GOD AND COUNTRY ! 
              
                What does that mean to you ?

          I know some of you if you get a chance to                            read this have the mindset of fuck God and fuck this country. 
Hopefully theirs very few that think that way. 

But what is worse is there are people in the church and in government that think that they have the right to profit off of the less fortunate. And any attempt of pointing out what they are doing. Is quickly shut down. Trust me i have tried. And i get auto responce messages from the government. And i get told dont question Gods anointed from the church. As i write this i know it wont get published but this needs to be said
 
               Even though you are in the position of power or self proclaimed person chosen to do Gods work. 
 "for the anointed"> doesn't give you the right to take advantage of citizens of this country for profit
 "for the government"> or turn a blind eye to the FACT that citizens of this country are being taken advantage of.

And most of you could care less because the people I'm speaking about are the throw away class of citizens the homeless, drug addicted, criminals. They are still people their our fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, sons, daughters, that we have pushed out of our lives because of this deep rooted belief that the best way to help them is to shut them out and deny the everything in hopes that they will choose to get clean. Unfortunately what it does is let them know its them verse the world and to survive they turn to crime and violence and the few that try to make a change and get clean before the street kills them they become slaves in religious work programs that the number of successful exiting these programs are very few but return visiters is very high and a repetitive cycle of slave labor is the end result 
            
           I'm going to cut this short considering it most likely its never going to be read or taken seriously. Think about it  Moses and the Pharoah 
this is not going away. As we all know history repeats it self. 

 time to call it a night  DEAR HAVENLY FATHER I CALL OUT TO YOU TAKE THIS LIFE FROM ME SET MY ENEMIES UPON ME IN MY SLEEP TO ROB AND KILL ME OR THE POLICE TO MISTAKE ME AS A ROBBER AND SHOT ME  OR STEAL MY BREATH IN MY SLEEP YOUR BLESSINGS AND PROTECTION IS WASTED ON ME IN JESUS NAME I PRAY  AMEN



 We can all agree that slavery and discrimination is not right. well hopefully we can all agree on that. 