john pimentel
360.852.6431
steppingupinfaithgdc@gmail.com
February 02, 2022
To:
Graham Taylor

CBRE Portland

503.221.4830

graham.taylor@cbre.com

Regarding: Purchase and Sale of Mt. Tabor: Existing Church or Residential Land
This non-binding Letter of Intent (“LOI”) sets forth the general terms upon which john pimentel (“Buyer”) will purchase Mt. Tabor: Existing Church or Residential Land
 (“The Property”) from Selling Entity (“Seller”). Buyer and Seller will not be legally bound to transact unless and until the execution and delivery of a Purchase and Sale Agreement
 (“PSA”) by Buyer and Seller. The purpose of LOI is to provide the basis and general terms for which a transaction will be contemplated and negotiated, and to outline the main terms for which a PSA may eventually be documented.
PROPERTY3025 SE 73rd Ave, Portland, Multnomah County, OR 97206
PURCHASE PRICETwo Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,500,000)
DEPOSIT20% of the Purchase Price or Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) will be placed in escrow at the mutual execution of a Purchase and Sale Agreement.
 Following the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, the Deposit shall be non-refundable to Buyer.
DUE DILIGENCEIn connection with Buyer’s review of the Property, Seller will make available to Buyer, promptly upon request, such documents, books, records,
 and other information related to Property in Seller’s possession. Buyer may request additional items to be listed in the PSA
DUE DILIGENCE PERIODThe Buyer shall have Thirty Days (30) beginning at the effective date of the PSA to inspect and perform Due Diligence as Buyer deems reasonably 
necessary to further evaluate the Purchase of Property(s).
CLOSINGBuyer and Seller shall close the Purchase and Sale of the Property Thirty Days (30) after the expiration of the Due Diligence period.
CLOSING COSTSClosing Costs to be further outlined and determined in the PSA unless specifically addressed later in the LOI.
TITLEThe Property is to be sold and conveyed free of liens and encumbrances, and title is to be deemed clean and marketable.
BROKER
The Seller is represented by Graham Taylor and shall be paid a commission at closing in accordance with the listing agreement or any other relevant and agreed upon 
agreement Broker has with Seller.

CONTINUED OPERATIONSUnless otherwise stated in the PSA, Seller will continue to operate the Property in a consistent manner as prior to this LOI. Major property 
decisions which might significantly affect the value of Property or nature of the contemplated transaction, should be brought to Buyer for discussion and review.
CONFIDENTIALITYThe content of this LOI shall be confidential in nature and shall not be disclosed to other buyers.
OTHER TERMSafter improvement=$600,000 for 100 tiny homes this transaction is 501c3 tax write-offs after tiny homes built in lot noi =$600,000 main building rent at
 16per sqft year discount 1/2 =$240,000 noi total $840,000
1031 EXCHANGENone
FINANCING CONTINGENCY if owner wants to stay in owner ship with a new structcher federal grant opportunity's funding for the services needed =workers rent utilities
 for both sides of the deal one covering homeless housing and another covering supportive services with management company included if they are intrested i'm willing
 to share my business stratigy that is protected by copyright trademark and brand all of my ideas strtagies thoughts plans and as part of the non discloser agreement we
 both entered you had none of this infomation or you would of already been using it so any use of any of the information
 shared on this project or any future investment or business is strictley prohibited any use by any person or entity beyond my informing statement that doesnt have proof 
of prior research or use of stratiges ideas like my system need to compensate me for use of my intelecual propety  just like asong wrighters songs are protected so is every thing i create 

Signature	john pimentel
Buyer	john pimentel
Date	February 02, 2022
Signature	
Seller	
Date	
BackComplete